Community Guidelines

Our Discussion Forums provide an opportunity to work with other developing social media marketers. This community is a place to network, learn, and support each other. If you want to discuss the concepts and tools you’re learning about, this is a great place to collaborate, and discover new perspectives. Several of your course assignments take place right here in the form of Discussion Prompts. Please adhere to these guidelines to ensure this is a safe, productive environment for all! 
Stay On-topic and Avoid Cross-posts

Help keep our discussion forums well organized and uncluttered. 

    Before posting, search the forum to see if someone else has asked your question already. You can also use the filters to find new and interesting posts.
    Keep posts on-topic and don’t change topics in an existing thread. Start a new thread to further explore a tangent or entirely new topic.
    Don’t post the same message in multiple forums.
    Click the “Follow” button under the original post of any thread you find interesting. You’ll receive an email notification whenever a new post appears.

Read Pinned Posts and FAQs

Pinned posts contain important and sometimes time-saving information. Please read any pinned posts before posting in a particular forum. You can also search any forum including our FAQs. This is a great place to start if you run into any confusion or questions.
Be Civil and Seek to Understand

    It is okay to disagree, but please be respectful and do not resort to personal attacks. Give people the benefit of the doubt and ask clarifying questions to avoid misunderstandings.
    Choose your words carefully and consider non-native English speakers. Avoid slang and write in full sentences, using simple language. 
    Be aware that it can be easy to misinterpret humor and sarcasm in written communication.

Stay Safe

Please don’t post your personal information or other students’. This includes location details and physical addresses, phone numbers, and other identifying information.
Report Abuse

If you see posts that contain these behaviors, please take action: 

    Bullying or threatening other users
    Posting discriminatory or hate-filled content
    Posting spam or promotional content
    Posting adult content
    Posting assignment solutions

Please report any posts that infringe upon copyright or are abusive, offensive, or that otherwise violate Coursera’s Honor Code by using the Report this option found under the menu arrow to the right of each post.

For more details, refer to Coursera's Forum Code of Conduct.
