Customer Journey Worksheet

You've learned about SMART Goals, KPIs, your Target Audience, and Customer Journeys. This reading includes the last of the worksheets you will need to complete for your peer review project: the Customer Journey Worksheet.

For this worksheet, develop a customer journey map including all 5 phases, answering each of the questions provided below:

    Awareness: When is my target audience most receptive?. 
    Interest: How can I relate my products to my target’s needs?
    Desire: How can I show my target my product really fits in their life?
    Conversion: How can I get my target to take action?
    Advocacy: How can I make my target into an advocate?

As you work to answer these questions, review your previous worksheets: Business Description, SMART Goal, KPIs, and Target Audience. Make any updates now that you've learned the whole process.

Open the Customer Journey worksheet, linked below,  make a copy or download the worksheet and complete it. Please note you will not be able to edit the worksheet unless you download or make a copy of it first.
Note: In order to edit the worksheet, you must first make a copy of it. You will be prompted to do so when you click the following link. 
Customer Journey Worksheet

Below is an example of a customer journey:
Phase 	Response to question 
Awareness 	Fleur is most receptive to purchasing the subscription we are offering when it is on sale so we want to make sure we bring it to light a couple of weeks before launch.
Interest	We want to emphasize imagery - make sure all images are bright and light, we want to emphasize that we are local and providing sustainable flowers. Also want to emphasize the subscription is fun and designed for all levels so it can take very little work or a lot of work depending on what Fleur wants and what fits in her life style.
Desire 	We want to show some stories of individuals with similar backgrounds and needs to Fleur as part of our ad so she can see that our product fits in her life.
Conversion 	We want to emphasize the initial sale of the subscription, perhaps an opportunity to test it out before committing so she has the flexibility but can enjoy the fun of the subscription.
Advocacy	We want to provide the best possible customer service, reach out for testimonials after Fleur starts using the subscription and provide opportunities for her engagement via Instagram in the form of posts she can like and share and questions she can answer and respond to. Also want to give her an opportunity to share sales and codes with her friends.

