This brings us to the end of our introduction to
social media marketing. Great job sticking with us. I think you'll find that having a solid foundation will
help you throughout this program to
situate what you're learning and how it relates to the larger
marketing landscape. A quick recap of what
we've covered and what you should keep
in mind as we move on. Marketing is the art and science of selling
goods and services. We saw that the key
focus in marketing should be on providing
offerings that have value. We then explored
digital marketing, which differs from
traditional marketing in two core aspects: it offers granular targeting
opportunities or the ability to put a message in front of a specific audience, and it also enables
measurement of results in ways that aren't possible
in traditional marketing. Social media marketing is one
form of digital marketing, and it's centered around
connecting people and giving people the ability to
create and share content. We saw that social media
marketing isn't just for users, businesses and non-profits
can participate as well, as long as they stick to
one very important rule, they have to focus on
connecting not just promoting. Finally, we touched on a way to categorize the many different
social media platforms that exist and how Facebook puts its stamp on the social media
landscape we know today. Now it's your turn, go and explore the
social media landscape. Anyone exploring social
media marketing rules will benefit from a good understanding of how social media
platforms work. The best way to build that understanding is through
firsthand experience. If you don't have a profile
on Facebook, Instagram, or LinkedIn yet, now is a
great time to create one, you'll need them
for this program. If you already have profiles, start browsing around on few networks that you
aren't familiar with, we mentioned Twitter, Snapchat, Pinterest, WhatsApp, and
TikTok for instance. We will delve deeper into
what all these platforms are about and how marketers
can use them next week, but this way you
get a head start. If you want to connect to your fellow students
in the program, post your profile or handle in the forum so you can
find each other. I can't wait to talk to you about marketing in the main social
media platforms next, but first, check your knowledge with the following quizzes.