aracter of Characters (Optional)
Ready for the assignment?
You will find instructions below to submit.

    InstructionsMy submissionPeers to review
    Discussions

In this optional assignment I'd like you to experiment with choosing typefaces and typesetting words so the typeface has a sympathetic relationship to what the word says.

Choose four adjectives that could relate to your object from Week 1, or describe its character or attributes. Typeset the name of your object (e.g. "apple", "shoe", or "glasses" etc.) in a typeface that relates to (or represents) each of the adjectives (e.g. “plump”, “old”, “vintage” etc). For example, if I wanted my apple to look plump I might set the word "apple" in something round and heavy like Cooper Black. As well as the typeface itself, consider upper and lower case letters, bold or italic, and negative or positive letterspacing.

Some additional guidelines:

    Make each word you typeset around the same size, about 8 inches in length, and place it in the middle of an 8.5 x 11 inch or A4 sheet of paper, oriented horizontally.
    Work in black and white only.
    Work with existing typefaces, and do not manipulate the typeface.

In addition, to help your peers, please include the adjective you are trying to convey in small type at the bottom left of each image. Your type should speak for itself, but this word is a little hint to determine just how effective your message is getting across.

Bundle your 4 images into a single PDF document (4 pages) and upload.

Please include a title for your assignment, and submit!
Review criteria

This is an optional assignment, so only written feedback is considered at this time. Use the prompts to give helpful and considered feedback!
Tips for Completion

If you were typesetting the word "fast" for instance, you might choose a sleek condensed sans serif, in italic, to make the word feel as if it was moving quickly. Try to control the typographic communication: ask yourself "Does my word look like it is doing what my adjective says?"

As mentioned, this assignment is optional but recommended. It’s a chance to begin to work with making typographic form and typographic communication. The best way to learn graphic design is by making graphic design! Take advantage of this opportunity to get feedback from your peers, and give your peers some feedback in return.