Practice Peer-graded Assignment: Brief 2.2: Make a Monogram, Make a Business Card (Optional)
Ready for the assignment?
You will find instructions below to submit.

    InstructionsMy submissionPeers to review
    Discussions

In this optional assignment I'd like you to create a monogram using your initials. Then you are prompted to use that monogram as the basis to create a design for a business card for yourself.

Note there are multiple parts to this assignment; please read all of the instructions below before submitting.

Part 1: Make a Monogram

Take the initials of your first and last names (and your middle names if you have them). Investigate the different shapes of those specific letters, and see how they vary when you use different typefaces. Try out a lot of different typefaces, and look at the range of shapes that occur within the same letters.

Create a design of interlocking typographic forms and make 3 different versions.

Some additional guidelines:

    Each version should measure about 5 x 5 inches.
    Place it in the middle of an 8.5 x 11 inch (vertical) sheet of paper.
    Work in black and white only. 

Work with existing typefaces, and please don't distort the individual letterforms!

Hold onto those 3 versions, and move onward to Part 2 below.

Part 2: Make a Business Card

Take your monogram experiments and make them into a business card. Add your name, (fake) email and (fake) phone number. Use the business card (standard US size is 3.5 x 2 inches) as a site to experiment with all the typographic variations we have looked at in classes. Use color simply, so the focus is on the typography.

Produce 3 different business card designs on a single 8.5 x 11 inch (vertical) sheet of paper, arranged how you wish.

Bundle your 3 monogram experiments and sheet of 3 business cards into a single PDF document (should be 4 pages) and upload.

Please don’t forget a title for your assignment.
Review criteria

This is an optional assignment, so only written feedback is considered at this time. Use the prompts to give helpful and considered feedback!
Tips for Completion

The goal here is to experiment with typographic forms but also to work in a "real" context. So be creative with your monogram, but please keep in mind that any additional type will need to be legible as well as visually interesting!

This assignment is optional, but recommended. It’s a chance to start to work with typography in a practical context. The best way to learn graphic design is by making graphic design! Take advantage of this opportunity to get feedback from your peers, and give your peers some feedback in return. 