Why study graphic design?

Graphic design is in a period of rapid expansion and innovation. Designers are tasked with deciding how a message will look and be conveyed, as well as what the message says and even if it should be said at all. As a graphic designer, you have the power and responsibility of the ideas and objects that shape our culture. You will develop skills to create beautiful objects, make meaningful messages, to be persuasive, grow businesses, inspire emotional responses, and make ideas accessible to others. Graphic design is a dialogue with the world, leaving a record of that dialogue for later generations.
As a graphic designer you will be able to apply your expertise to a variety of fields, giving you a broad range of career, creative, and intellectual options. Because of the diversity of applications of graphic design, there is no such thing as a typical design practice!
This course, as well as the other courses in the Graphic Design Specialization, are meant to be general introductions to the topic and are suitable for students with little to no experience in design. Knowing how to create and deliver strong, compelling visual messages is beneficial for a person working in any field, from education to business to technology. Students with more design experience may also get a lot out of these courses—there are plenty of additional assignments and resources to supplement your existing knowledge.
At the end of this course (in Week 4), we've included some resources for pursuing additional study opportunities in graphic design as well as tips to assemble your design portfolio.
Why studying software is not graphic design
Software knowledge is not the same as graphic design knowledge. As a graphic designer, you will use and develop practical skills, like craft and software knowledge, in concert with conceptual skills, historical knowledge, typographic acumen, research ability, and more. Graphic design is a process, not specific software!
Graphic designers are not necessarily reliant on any single technique or software, though it is true that the contemporary graphic designer is deeply rooted in advancing design technologies. The continued use of centuries-old technologies, such as calligraphy or letterpress printing, exists simultaneously with work on the most advanced web and mobile applications. Graphic design is broader than any specific technology, software, or medium.
This course, Fundamentals of Graphic Design, as well as the other courses in the Graphic Design Specialization, focus on the key concepts of making strong, informed design work regardless of what software you use. While you may need to use software to complete some assignments, these courses are not focused on teaching you how to use those tools. More information on software requirements are outlined in each course.

